and reseller and today we'll talk about
cruiser mark2 british light tank
level three little history cruiser
mark 2 aka a10
it is a rethinking of the experience gained by
developing tank cruiser mark 1 aka
will put two machine gun turrets in front
removed and in return considerable effort
car booking
the funny thing is that the tank was taken to
armament like a heavy cruising tank
although in our game it is designated as
light expression heavy cruising
the tank is hidden the meaning and essence of the tank to
booking the hull and tower forehead
you can only stop the machine gunners
type t7 combat car
but the main purpose of the car has been moved
the game is great if the machine gunner
went into your barton sawed your tank for
few seconds therefore not
substitute
and for ordinary guns even if
masthead ms-1 at the cruiser mark2 no armor
altogether
machine weight about 15 tons while
top engine that we can
install in the game 150 horsepower so
that the power of the machine
only 10 horses per ton and this
typical for heavy tanks
not a machine but a tangle of contradictions but
due to gentle factors
cross cruiser mark2 has
dynamic not the most frisky ester they
heavy duty and thanks for the way max speed
forward
already 40 kilometers per hour but I will try them
type the average tank goes through the fields with
speed of about thirty kilometers in
an hour the speed of turning the chassis is not happy
only 34 degrees even fury
it is 10 degrees higher than the tower
spins briskly at a speed of 46 degrees
per second
machine overview 330 meters and a range
connection 450 here we come to the very
delicious in this tank gun on the cruiser
mordva can be installed howitzer caliber
three point and seven tenths of an inch is
ninety four millimeters if
transfer to the metric system and what
she gets up on the field in
it is not surprising that the vast
most cruiser magician 2 which you
meet the world of tanks
equipped with just this tool for that
guns are available two types of shells land mines
with a breakdown of 47 millimeters and a damage of 370 and
cumulative with breakdown 110 but damage 280
accuracy of the gun is low scatter 058
meters for every 100 meters distance but
because we have the same cruising tank which means
try to work at distances up to 200
meters then the accuracy of the howitzers will be
satisfactory and most importantly
free yourself to the end of this weapon
big time information 3.4 seconds
Lyuska do not add about two more
seconds before the lap seat starts
shrink in general comes down gun very
long and it needs to be considered and patiently
take plumes to the fullest, but
then bang and no offender
howitzers decent rate of 5
shots per minute that is of the type explicit
Characteristic cruiser mark2 with a howitzer
one thousand eight hundred fifty damage
full blown away
to the advantages of weapons can be attributed
quite good wayne angle of declination of the tool 6
degree elevation angle of 20 degrees
it's time to discuss the acquisition of this
I recommend to take the cars out of the modules
fan reinforced aiming drives and
enlightened optics yes exactly
enlightened q
review for the car without armor important
indicator
Well, since we are in the game lt then we shine
accounted for regularly as the third so
and on the fifth level fights
choosing equipment I hold a set
consisting of a large repair kit
small repair kit and first aid kit though
hot heads are happy to trade
small river pudding with tea however in
fifth level battles from pudding will be few
sense though yaremko not much help
because most cars are level five
cruiser mark2 on one or two bites to give
perk recommendations for crew
difficult after all for many car
level three is the entrance tank for
yourself I am you
would such 1 and perks commander light bulb and
all other disguise
combination enlightened cue good
masking will allow to destroy cars
the enemy is still on the main approaches
get to the high time to take stock
cruiser mark 2
the tank will be interesting first
those who decided to download a new thread
British Fri-Sau
and secondly to experienced players so
how this tank makes it possible to carry
third level battles and work wonders
heroism in the battles of the fourth and fifth
level on it all like
subscribe to my channel link to
He is in the description and on the channel here's a fan
bye bye